DI-1308: Scrapping data for local tests (#10)
jampp/data-docker-images: hive/README.md

## Creating partitions in bulk

> For this service to work is expected that data has been already downloaded to MinIO, it is possible to do it manually, but this project has a way automate that with [download_s3_data](../minio/download_s3_data/download_s3_data.sh). Check [MinIO](../minio/README.md) section for more information on how to do it.
> Now, once the data is downloaded/created in MinIO, set the tables that you want to have partitions inserted in [table_names.txt](./create_partitions/table_names.txt) and then run the [create_partitions](../docker-compose.yml#create_partitions) service.

Reviewer: The `create_partitions` service is not restricted to its synergy with the `download_s3_data` service. That's why I think this section should be more broad, like this:

```suggestion
If you have a Hive External Table (with its data stored in the [MinIO volume](../minio/README.md#volumes)) before being able to query that data you'll need to create the corresponding partitions.

This can be done automatically with [create_partitions](../docker-compose.yml#create_partitions) service.

This service will perform an `MSCK repair table` command on every table listed in  [table_names.txt](./create_partitions/table_names.txt).
To take advantage of this, it's recommended that you override the `table_names.txt` file with one that includes your tables (see [this section on overriding](../README.md#using-with-other-projects)).

```
